build manifold on windows
make sure conversation runs on windows
see if conversation runs on parallels
see if conversation debugs in remedy in parallels
give parallels all the money so we can use prlctrl
ask chat how to do the thing

open x64 Dev Promp
pushd \\Mac\Home\Desktop\CS3XX
_build_and_run_SIMPLE.bat main.cpp --debug

===

prlctl is a command-line tool used to manage Parallels virtual machines (VMs) on your computer. Think of Parallels as a way to run another operating system, like Windows or Linux, on your Mac without restarting your computer.

Here’s what prlctl can do:

Start or stop VMs - It’s like pressing the power button on a computer but using a command.
Example: prlctl start MyVM turns on a virtual machine called "MyVM."
Create new VMs - You can set up new virtual machines.
Example: prlctl create NewVM starts a new virtual computer.
Configure settings - Adjust things like how much memory or CPU the VM gets.
Example: prlctl set MyVM --cpus 2 gives the VM two processors.
Monitor or list VMs - See what’s running and check their status.
Example: prlctl list shows all the virtual machines on your system.
Think of it as a way to control your virtual computers with text commands instead of clicking through menus.






You said:
now pretend i have a phd in computers, and tell me how to start a windows program from the mac terminal using prlctl
ChatGPT said:

ChatGPT
To start a Windows program from the Mac terminal using prlctl, you'll leverage the Parallels Shared Applications feature. Here's the process:

Ensure Shared Applications is Enabled:
In Parallels Desktop, make sure "Share Windows applications with Mac" is turned on for the VM.
Find the Windows Application Path:
Use prlctl exec to inspect your VM. For example:
prlctl exec "MyWindowsVM" dir "C:\Path\To\Program.exe"
This verifies the existence of the program on the Windows VM.
Run the Program: Use prlctl exec to launch the program within the Windows VM. For instance:
prlctl exec "MyWindowsVM" "C:\Path\To\Program.exe"
Optional Arguments:
If the program takes arguments, append them after the .exe path. Example:
prlctl exec "MyWindowsVM" "C:\Path\To\Program.exe" --some-argument
Practical Example
If you want to launch Notepad:

prlctl exec "MyWindowsVM" "C:\Windows\System32\notepad.exe"
This assumes:

"MyWindowsVM" is the name of your virtual machine.
You have proper permissions and the VM is running. If it's not, you can start it first:
prlctl start "MyWindowsVM"
